# 2024/10/01
with Carmen Salas

[github](https://github.com/The-Marcy-Lab-School-Assignments/cc-00-console-return-raffycastlee)

---
## Questions
1. In this code snippet, what is the **argument** and what is the **parameter**?
    
    ```jsx
    const sayHi = (name) => {
      return "Hi" + name
    };
    
    sayHi("fellows");
    
    ```

ans:
`"fellows"` is the parameter
`name` is the argument

---
    
2. What is the difference between `console.log` and the `return` statement? In your response, be sure to answer the following:
    1. What is the purpose of `console.log`?
    2. How is the `return` related to functions in JavaScript?
   
ans:
1. `console.log`'s main purpose is to essentially _see_ an output into the console. In other programming languages, this is what `print` would be.
2. Every function has a corresponding `return`. It is implied to return `null` in occassions where it is not specified. `return` by itself acts to terminate a function, and _optionally_ hold a value along with it.

---

3. What is printed to the console, when the function `sayHi` is *invoked*?
    
    ```jsx
    const sayHi = (name) => {
      console.log(name)
      return "Hi" + name;
    };
    
    sayHi("fellows");
    
    ```

ans:
`fellows` is printed when the `sayHi` function is invoked. The `return` value however, is `"Hifellows"`.

---

4. Run this code in a file, what does the variable `hello` *evaluate* to? Why does it evaluate to this?
    
    ```jsx
    const hiFunc = () => {
      console.log("hi");
    };
    
    const hello = hiFunc();
    
    ```
    
ans:
In the code above, `hello` evaluates into `"hi"`, as a `console.log` output. However `hello` as a variable remains `undefined`.

---

5. What is the difference between `let` and `const`? What is the best practice when choosing which keyword to declare a variable with?

ans:
`let` and `const` are similar in the sense that they are both keywords used to _declare_ variables. The key difference is that `let` allows variable re-definition/assignment while `const` does not.